when the Lord your God has cut off the
when the Lord your God has cut off the nation's whose land the Lord your God is
nation's whose land the Lord your God is
nation's whose land the Lord your God is giving you and you dispossessed them and
giving you and you dispossessed them and
giving you and you dispossessed them and dwell in their cities and in their
dwell in their cities and in their
dwell in their cities and in their houses you shall separate three cities
houses you shall separate three cities
houses you shall separate three cities for yourself in the midst of your land
for yourself in the midst of your land
for yourself in the midst of your land which the Lord your God is giving you to
which the Lord your God is giving you to
which the Lord your God is giving you to possess you shall prepare roads for
possess you shall prepare roads for
possess you shall prepare roads for yourself and divided into three parts
yourself and divided into three parts
yourself and divided into three parts the territory of your land which the
the territory of your land which the
the territory of your land which the Lord your God is giving you to inherit
Lord your God is giving you to inherit
Lord your God is giving you to inherit that any man Slayer may flee there and
that any man Slayer may flee there and
that any man Slayer may flee there and this is the case of the man's Slayer who
this is the case of the man's Slayer who
this is the case of the man's Slayer who flees there that he may live whoever
flees there that he may live whoever
flees there that he may live whoever kills his neighbor unintentionally not
kills his neighbor unintentionally not
kills his neighbor unintentionally not having hated him in time passed as when
having hated him in time passed as when
having hated him in time passed as when a man goes to the woods with his
a man goes to the woods with his
a man goes to the woods with his neighbor to cut timber and his hand
neighbor to cut timber and his hand
neighbor to cut timber and his hand swings a stroke with the axe to cut down
swings a stroke with the axe to cut down
swings a stroke with the axe to cut down the tree and the head slips from the
the tree and the head slips from the
the tree and the head slips from the handle and strikes his neighbor so that
handle and strikes his neighbor so that
handle and strikes his neighbor so that he dies he shall flee to one of these
he dies he shall flee to one of these
he dies he shall flee to one of these cities and live lest the Avenger of
cities and live lest the Avenger of
cities and live lest the Avenger of blood while his anger is hot
blood while his anger is hot
blood while his anger is hot pursue the manslayer and overtake him
pursue the manslayer and overtake him
pursue the manslayer and overtake him because the way is long and kill him
because the way is long and kill him
because the way is long and kill him though he was not deserving of death
though he was not deserving of death
though he was not deserving of death since he had not hated the victim in
since he had not hated the victim in
since he had not hated the victim in time pass therefore I command you saying
time pass therefore I command you saying
time pass therefore I command you saying you shall separate three cities for
you shall separate three cities for
you shall separate three cities for yourself now if the Lord your God
yourself now if the Lord your God
yourself now if the Lord your God enlarges your territory as he swore to
enlarges your territory as he swore to
enlarges your territory as he swore to your father's and gives you the land
your father's and gives you the land
your father's and gives you the land which he promised to give to your
which he promised to give to your
which he promised to give to your father's and if you keep all these
father's and if you keep all these
father's and if you keep all these Commandments and do them which I command
Commandments and do them which I command
Commandments and do them which I command you today to love the Lord your God and
you today to love the Lord your God and
you today to love the Lord your God and to walk always in his ways
to walk always in his ways
to walk always in his ways then you shall had three more cities for
then you shall had three more cities for
then you shall had three more cities for yourself besides these three blessed
yourself besides these three blessed
yourself besides these three blessed innocent blood be shed in the midst of
innocent blood be shed in the midst of
innocent blood be shed in the midst of your land which the Lord your God is
your land which the Lord your God is
your land which the Lord your God is giving you as an inheritance and thus
giving you as an inheritance and thus
giving you as an inheritance and thus guilt of bloodshed be upon you but if
guilt of bloodshed be upon you but if
guilt of bloodshed be upon you but if anyone hates his neighbor lies in wait
anyone hates his neighbor lies in wait
anyone hates his neighbor lies in wait for him rises against him and strikes
for him rises against him and strikes
for him rises against him and strikes him mortally so that he dies and he
him mortally so that he dies and he
him mortally so that he dies and he flees to one of these cities then the
flees to one of these cities then the
flees to one of these cities then the elders of his City shall send and bring
elders of his City shall send and bring
elders of his City shall send and bring him from there and deliver him over to
him from there and deliver him over to
him from there and deliver him over to the hand
the hand
the hand the Avenger of blood that he made I your
the Avenger of blood that he made I your
the Avenger of blood that he made I your I shall not pity him
I shall not pity him
I shall not pity him but you shall put away the guilt of
but you shall put away the guilt of
but you shall put away the guilt of innocent blood from Israel that it may
innocent blood from Israel that it may
innocent blood from Israel that it may go well with you you shall not remove
go well with you you shall not remove
go well with you you shall not remove your neighbor's landmark which the men
your neighbor's landmark which the men
your neighbor's landmark which the men of old have set in your inheritance
of old have set in your inheritance
of old have set in your inheritance which you will inherit in the land that
which you will inherit in the land that
which you will inherit in the land that the Lord your God is giving you to
the Lord your God is giving you to
the Lord your God is giving you to possess one witness shall not rise
possess one witness shall not rise
possess one witness shall not rise against him and concerning any iniquity
against him and concerning any iniquity
against him and concerning any iniquity or any sin that he commits by the mouth
or any sin that he commits by the mouth
or any sin that he commits by the mouth of two or three witnesses the matter
of two or three witnesses the matter
of two or three witnesses the matter shall be established if a false witness
shall be established if a false witness
shall be established if a false witness rises against any man to testify against
rises against any man to testify against
rises against any man to testify against him of wrongdoing then both men in the
him of wrongdoing then both men in the
him of wrongdoing then both men in the controversy shall stand before the Lord
controversy shall stand before the Lord
controversy shall stand before the Lord before the priests and the judges who
before the priests and the judges who
before the priests and the judges who serve in those days and the judges shall
serve in those days and the judges shall
serve in those days and the judges shall make careful inquiry and indeed if the
make careful inquiry and indeed if the
make careful inquiry and indeed if the witness is a false witness
witness is a false witness
witness is a false witness who has testified falsely against his
who has testified falsely against his
who has testified falsely against his brother then you shall do to him as he
brother then you shall do to him as he
brother then you shall do to him as he thought to have done
thought to have done
thought to have done to his brother so you shall put away the
to his brother so you shall put away the
to his brother so you shall put away the evil from among you and those who remain
evil from among you and those who remain
evil from among you and those who remain shall hear and fear and hereafter they
shall hear and fear and hereafter they
shall hear and fear and hereafter they shall not again commit such evil among
shall not again commit such evil among
shall not again commit such evil among you your I shall not pity life shall be
you your I shall not pity life shall be
you your I shall not pity life shall be for life eye for eye tooth for tooth
for life eye for eye tooth for tooth
for life eye for eye tooth for tooth hand for hand foot for foot
hand for hand foot for foot
hand for hand foot for foot [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you